Fix Varnish external inks [Update http_cache.md] (#1032)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/guide/http_cache.md

For Varnish to work properly with eZ, you'll need to use one of the provided files as a basis:

> - [Varnish 5 VCL example](https://github.com/ezsystems/ezplatform-http-cache/blob/master/docs/varnish/vcl/varnish5.vcl)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Varnish VCL example](https://github.com/ezsystems/ezplatform-http-cache/blob/2.0/docs/varnish/vcl/varnish5.vcl)
```

!!! note "Invalidating Varnish cache using tokens"

    In setups where the Varnish server IP can change (for example on platform.sh/eZ Platform Cloud),

>     you can use token-based cache invalidation via [ez_purge_acl](https://github.com/ezsystems/ezplatform-http-cache/blob/master/docs/varnish/vcl/varnish5.vcl#L174).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    you can use token-based cache invalidation via [ez_purge_acl](https://github.com/ezsystems/ezplatform-http-cache/blob/2.0/docs/varnish/vcl/varnish5.vcl#L174).
```
